All right welcome back my students.
So before we start make sure that you verify your e-mail.
All right.
So I got my I got the link already and it took a little couple of minutes to get to my e-mail address
to my email.
So make sure you click on that link.
I'm going to click on it.
I am a movie here is going to ask me for a phone number.
You see I clicked on the e-mail address in my the monitor and is just going ask me for a phone number
.
All right.
So I'm going to put my phone number real quick.
I don't want you to see it because I cannot offer support over e-mail and you guys are too many.
All right.
So I'm going to click send verification.
I'm going to see right now.
I just got an a test and going to put the verification call right here.
OK.
So and when this is doing this from scratch where you guys are that way.
We are on the same page.
All right.
So this is going to be my verification code and validate that we go.
Cool.
So we finished saying that up real quick and then the next lecture will start setting up everything
with Clarabell.
All right.
Thank you